README.md, before:

Kivy
====

<img align="right" height="256" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kivy/kivy/master/kivy/data/logo/kivy-icon-256.png"/>

[Kivy](https://www.kivy.org) is an open-source [Python](https://python.org) framework
for developing GUI apps that work cross-platform, including desktop, mobile and
embedded platforms.

The aim is to allow for quick and easy interaction design and rapid prototyping
whilst making your code reusable and deployable: Innovative user interfaces made
easy.

Kivy is written in Python and [Cython](https://cython.org/) and is built on
[OpenGL ES 2.0](https://www.khronos.org/opengles/). It supports various input 
devices and has an extensive (and extensible) widget library. With the
same codebase, you can target Windows, macOS, Linux (including Raspberry Pi OS),
Android, and iOS. All Kivy widgets are built with multitouch support.

Kivy is [MIT licensed](LICENSE), actively developed by a great community and is
supported by many projects managed by the 
[Kivy Organization](https://www.kivy.org/about.html).

[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/kivy/backers/badge.svg)](#backers)
[![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/kivy/kivy)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/graphs/contributors)

![PyPI - Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/kivy)
![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/kivy)

[![Windows Unittests Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/Windows%20Unittests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Windows+Unittests%22)
[![Ubuntu Unittests Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/Ubuntu%20Unittests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Ubuntu+Unittests%22)
[![OSX Unittests Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/OSX%20Unittests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22OSX+Unittests%22)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/kivy/kivy/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/kivy/kivy?branch=master)

[![Windows wheels Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/Windows%20wheels/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Windows+wheels%22)
[![Manylinux wheels Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/Manylinux%20wheels/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Manylinux+wheels%22)
[![Raspberry Pi wheels Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/RPi%20wheels/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22RPi+wheels%22)
[![OSX wheels Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/OSX%20wheels%2Fapp/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22OSX+wheels%2Fapp%22)

Installation, Documentation and Examples
----------------------------------------

Extensive installation instructions as well as tutorials and general
documentation, including an API reference, can be found at https://www.kivy.org/docs.
A [PDF version](https://media.readthedocs.org/pdf/kivy/latest/kivy.pdf) is also available.

Kivy ships with many examples which can be found in the `examples` folder.

Support
-------

Are you having trouble using the Kivy framework, or any of its related projects?
Is there an error you don’t understand? Are you trying to figure out how to use 
it? We have volunteers who can help!

The best channels to contact us for support are listed in the latest 
[Contact Us](CONTACT.md) document.

Contributing
------------

We love pull requests and discussing novel ideas. Check out our
[latest contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and
feel free to improve Kivy.

It gives details of the best places online to discuss the development with the
core developers and other enthusiasts.

Sibling projects
----------------

The Kivy team manages a number of additional projects that support the Kivy 
eco-system.

- [Buildozer](https://github.com/kivy/buildozer):  a development tool for turning Python applications into binary packages ready for installation on
  any of a number of platforms, including mobile devices.
- [Plyer](https://github.com/kivy/plyer): a platform-independent Python API for accessing hardware features of various platforms (Android, iOS,
  macOS, Linux and Windows).
- [PyJNIus](https://github.com/kivy/pyjnius): a Python library for accessing Java classes using the Java Native Interface (JNI).
- [Pyobjus](https://github.com/kivy/pyobjus): Python module for accessing Objective-C classes as Python classes using 
  Objective-C runtime reflection.
- [Python for Android](https://github.com/kivy/python-for-android): a development tool that packages Python apps into binaries that can run on Android devices.
- [Kivy iOS](https://github.com/kivy/kivy-ios): a toolchain to compile the necessary libraries for iOS to run Kivy applications, and manage the
  creation of Xcode projects.
- [Audiostream](https://github.com/kivy/audiostream): library for direct access
  to the microphone and speaker.
- [KivEnt](https://github.com/kivy/kivent): entity-based game engine for Kivy.
- [Oscpy](https://github.com/kivy/oscpy/): a Python implementation of Open Sound Control (OSC) network protocol.
- [Garden](https://github.com/kivy-garden): widgets and libraries created and
  maintained by users.

Licenses
--------

- Kivy is released under the terms of the MIT License. Please refer to the
  [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
- The provided fonts Roboto and Roboto Mono are licensed and
  distributed under the terms of the
  [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
  The DejaVuSans (used for the virtual keyboard) license can be viewed
  [here](https://github.com/dejavu-fonts/dejavu-fonts/blob/master/LICENSE).
- The current UI design has been adapted from Moblintouch theme's SVGs
  and is licensed under the terms of the
  [LGPLv2.1](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1).


## Code of Conduct

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming community, we as 
contributors and maintainers need to ensure participation in our project and 
our sister projects is a harassment-free and positive experience for everyone. 
It is vital that all interaction is conducted in a manner conveying respect, 
open-mindedness and gratitude.

Please consult the [latest Code of Conduct](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contributors

This project exists thanks to 
[all the people who contribute](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/graphs/contributors).
[[Become a contributor](CONTRIBUTING.md)].

<img src="https://contrib.nn.ci/api?repo=kivy/kivy&pages=5&no_bot=true&radius=22&cols=18">

## Backers

Thank you to [all of our backers](https://opencollective.com/kivy)! 
🙏 [[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/kivy#backer)]

<img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/backers.svg?width=890&avatarHeight=44&button=false">

## Sponsors

Special thanks to 
[all of our sponsors, past and present](https://opencollective.com/kivy).
Support this project by 
[[becoming a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/kivy#sponsor)].

Here are our top current sponsors. Please click through to see their websites,
and support them as they support us. 

<!--- See https://github.com/orgs/kivy/discussions/15 for explanation of this code. -->
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/2/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/3/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/3/avatar.svg"></a>

<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/4/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/4/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/5/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/5/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/6/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/6/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/7/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/7/avatar.svg"></a>

<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/8/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/8/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/9/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/9/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/10/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/10/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/11/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/11/avatar.svg"></a>

<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/12/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/12/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/13/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/13/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/14/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/14/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/15/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/15/avatar.svg"></a>

Commit message:

Port the accesskit proof-of-concept to the new SDL3 window provider
It doesn't seem to work with Mint's default screen reader, though.

README.md, after:

About the AccessKit fork
========================

This fork of Kivy contains a proof-of-concept integration of AccessKit to show how Kivy could become accessible to people with disabilities.

Status
-----

- Currently only Windows is "fully" supported, Unix-like desktop environments should mostly work, macOS will require further modifications of the SDL2 windowing provider.
- The `accesskit` dependency must be manually installed inside your virtual environment: `pip install accesskit`
- An example program can be found in `examples/widgets/accessibility.py`.
- The accessibility provider lives in `kivy/core/accessibility/__init__.py` and its AccessKit implementation is in `kivy/core/accessibility/accessibility_accesskit.py`.
- An `AccessibleBehavior` which allows widgets to describe themselves in terms of accessibility is in `kivy/uix/behaviors/accessibility.py`.

Kivy
====

<img align="right" height="256" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kivy/kivy/master/kivy/data/logo/kivy-icon-256.png"/>

[Kivy](https://www.kivy.org) is an open-source [Python](https://python.org) framework
for developing GUI apps that work cross-platform, including desktop, mobile and
embedded platforms.

The aim is to allow for quick and easy interaction design and rapid prototyping
whilst making your code reusable and deployable: Innovative user interfaces made
easy.

Kivy is written in Python and [Cython](https://cython.org/) and is built on
[OpenGL ES 2.0](https://www.khronos.org/opengles/). It supports various input 
devices and has an extensive (and extensible) widget library. With the
same codebase, you can target Windows, macOS, Linux (including Raspberry Pi OS),
Android, and iOS. All Kivy widgets are built with multitouch support.

Kivy is [MIT licensed](LICENSE), actively developed by a great community and is
supported by many projects managed by the 
[Kivy Organization](https://www.kivy.org/about.html).

[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/kivy/backers/badge.svg)](#backers)
[![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/kivy/kivy)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/graphs/contributors)

![PyPI - Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/kivy)
![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/kivy)

[![Windows Unittests Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/Windows%20Unittests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Windows+Unittests%22)
[![Ubuntu Unittests Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/Ubuntu%20Unittests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Ubuntu+Unittests%22)
[![OSX Unittests Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/OSX%20Unittests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22OSX+Unittests%22)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/kivy/kivy/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/kivy/kivy?branch=master)

[![Windows wheels Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/Windows%20wheels/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Windows+wheels%22)
[![Manylinux wheels Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/Manylinux%20wheels/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Manylinux+wheels%22)
[![Raspberry Pi wheels Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/RPi%20wheels/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22RPi+wheels%22)
[![OSX wheels Status](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/workflows/OSX%20wheels%2Fapp/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/actions?query=workflow%3A%22OSX+wheels%2Fapp%22)

Installation, Documentation and Examples
----------------------------------------

Extensive installation instructions as well as tutorials and general
documentation, including an API reference, can be found at https://www.kivy.org/docs.
A [PDF version](https://media.readthedocs.org/pdf/kivy/latest/kivy.pdf) is also available.

Kivy ships with many examples which can be found in the `examples` folder.

Support
-------

Are you having trouble using the Kivy framework, or any of its related projects?
Is there an error you don’t understand? Are you trying to figure out how to use 
it? We have volunteers who can help!

The best channels to contact us for support are listed in the latest 
[Contact Us](CONTACT.md) document.

Contributing
------------

We love pull requests and discussing novel ideas. Check out our
[latest contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and
feel free to improve Kivy.

It gives details of the best places online to discuss the development with the
core developers and other enthusiasts.

Sibling projects
----------------

The Kivy team manages a number of additional projects that support the Kivy 
eco-system.

- [Buildozer](https://github.com/kivy/buildozer):  a development tool for turning Python applications into binary packages ready for installation on
  any of a number of platforms, including mobile devices.
- [Plyer](https://github.com/kivy/plyer): a platform-independent Python API for accessing hardware features of various platforms (Android, iOS,
  macOS, Linux and Windows).
- [PyJNIus](https://github.com/kivy/pyjnius): a Python library for accessing Java classes using the Java Native Interface (JNI).
- [Pyobjus](https://github.com/kivy/pyobjus): Python module for accessing Objective-C classes as Python classes using 
  Objective-C runtime reflection.
- [Python for Android](https://github.com/kivy/python-for-android): a development tool that packages Python apps into binaries that can run on Android devices.
- [Kivy iOS](https://github.com/kivy/kivy-ios): a toolchain to compile the necessary libraries for iOS to run Kivy applications, and manage the
  creation of Xcode projects.
- [Audiostream](https://github.com/kivy/audiostream): library for direct access
  to the microphone and speaker.
- [KivEnt](https://github.com/kivy/kivent): entity-based game engine for Kivy.
- [Oscpy](https://github.com/kivy/oscpy/): a Python implementation of Open Sound Control (OSC) network protocol.
- [Garden](https://github.com/kivy-garden): widgets and libraries created and
  maintained by users.

Licenses
--------

- Kivy is released under the terms of the MIT License. Please refer to the
  [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
- The provided fonts Roboto and Roboto Mono are licensed and
  distributed under the terms of the
  [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
  The DejaVuSans (used for the virtual keyboard) license can be viewed
  [here](https://github.com/dejavu-fonts/dejavu-fonts/blob/master/LICENSE).
- The current UI design has been adapted from Moblintouch theme's SVGs
  and is licensed under the terms of the
  [LGPLv2.1](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1).


## Code of Conduct

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming community, we as 
contributors and maintainers need to ensure participation in our project and 
our sister projects is a harassment-free and positive experience for everyone. 
It is vital that all interaction is conducted in a manner conveying respect, 
open-mindedness and gratitude.

Please consult the [latest Code of Conduct](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contributors

This project exists thanks to 
[all the people who contribute](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/graphs/contributors).
[[Become a contributor](CONTRIBUTING.md)].

<img src="https://contrib.nn.ci/api?repo=kivy/kivy&pages=5&no_bot=true&radius=22&cols=18">

## Backers

Thank you to [all of our backers](https://opencollective.com/kivy)! 
🙏 [[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/kivy#backer)]

<img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/backers.svg?width=890&avatarHeight=44&button=false">

## Sponsors

Special thanks to 
[all of our sponsors, past and present](https://opencollective.com/kivy).
Support this project by 
[[becoming a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/kivy#sponsor)].

Here are our top current sponsors. Please click through to see their websites,
and support them as they support us. 

<!--- See https://github.com/orgs/kivy/discussions/15 for explanation of this code. -->
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/2/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/3/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/3/avatar.svg"></a>

<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/4/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/4/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/5/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/5/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/6/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/6/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/7/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/7/avatar.svg"></a>

<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/8/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/8/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/9/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/9/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/10/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/10/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/11/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/11/avatar.svg"></a>

<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/12/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/12/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/13/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/13/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/14/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/14/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/15/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/kivy/sponsor/15/avatar.svg"></a>
